His Majesty due to the Without-right Revolution
will begin soon.
Press conference Willing of the Self-Defense Forces
Let our youth remain strong and upplan the Cup of the previous times.
At this time,你可以開始訂閱本社。
but in the Kyoumon, it is written that the heart that gives the seven eyes is called Bodai-shin,
so it is Bodai-shin that the Jihito and Chie-to are in full swing.
Jihito is the heart that the mother will love even if she cries, laughs, fails, and succeeds
and is the heart that will love her.
No matter what you do, you must have confidence.
It is not just about our child, but it is the seven eyes that will stain it on your brother and others.
It is the heart that is lacking this.
I will tell you a story about the Satori and the Mitsu.
I was born in Etsuzen and I am 89 years old this year, but I came to Gunma Prefecture when I was 9 years old.
I have never returned to my parents' house.
I returned to my mother's country after receiving a telegram from her mother that she was sick, but there was no train at that time.
I took a boat from Yokohama to Yokkaichi and then went to Ogaki and took a train to Etsuzen.
My mother's life was still there, so I said with a big voice,
I am back now, but it is limited.
My mother opened her eyes and looked at me carefully,
and she said she would never forget me and said it for a day.
Thankful words came to my mind, but it is the heart that I will never forget for the long time of my life.
The parents of the children are all like that.
The children of the children of the time of the Chikaru
have no sympathy for their parents.
They are thieves, traitors, and murderers.
They are all evidence that they have no sympathy for their parents.
This is not the case in other countries,
but in Japan.
The Emperor worries about the people day and night.
Regarding the people of Japan,
the Empire is full of the fear of the emperor.